One might find oneself wondering about the the original intention of the first author. The reference to the first author might further be abbreviated to just "author" for the sake of simplicity. The main purpose of this document might be to propose a series of definitions on controversal or vaguely defined terms in order to enable the maximal possible amount of agreements on the provisional proposal on the defintion of the word 'love', which might be a hypothetical prerequisite to achieve sustainable world peace as in:    
"The day the power of love might overcome the love of power, the world might know peace."  
Those who might seek such power of love, might appreciate the explaination of the motivation of the author to start writing this document. This document might have originated in the struggles which the author might have been confronted in general during the period of adolencence. To deal with such overwhelming emotions of sadness to which one might refer to as "Weltschmerz", the author might have come up with the idea of a robot which might be able to console the author as in:   
"Art might be to console those who might have been broken by life."    
In the quest for such consolation, the author might have come to appreciate these words:   
"In order to console one in one's sufferings, one might seek to point out all the good one might still be able to do."   
The author might have understood one thing which might be such good through these words:   
"One might not be able to help everyone but everyone might be able to help someone."    
The author might have then realized that such consolation might consist of not only in verbal, such as words of encouragement, but also of non-verbal communication, such as hugs and nodding as in:   
"One might not heal in isolation, but in community."   
With the advancement in the field of robotics, there might have been publically avaiable documentations on robots which might be able to nod and hug in order to create such a community. But the generation of words, which might have been able to be actually console the author, might have not been able to to be generated with "large languange models" used for "retrieval argumented generation", eventhough it might have become possible to find and rephrase specific sentences from a document. The moment the author might have realized that such systems might be able to be used to inspire the courage in others to keep on living, the author might decided to create publish such a document, which might contain sentences, which might be beneficial not only to console the author but also others. The author might have realized early on that it might be be very difficult to generate such words of encouragement with AI models avaiable at the beginning of writing of this document. Thus the author might have been inspired to use quotes of others, in a sense of quoting the master with the intention of honor or the art form referenced as "bonmot", which might be to make a one-line remark which might not be able to be more consise. In order to protect the privacy of those who the author might have quoted, these quotes might lack attribution as in:    
"One might seek to give others masks and they might tell one the truth."    
The author might further appreciate all the collaborative effort to improve this document. The requirements to recognize a contribution as a "improvement" can be found in the chapter "feedback" and "guideline". Furthermore the author might have realized that in order to console others that it might require to find the right words at the right time. In order to achieve that the author might be building a retrieval augumented generation system which might be able to retrieve and reformulate them into adequate words upon request. The author might also have realized that the perspective of the author alone might be limited thus might seek to offer a way for everyone to keep improving this document which might be moderated by the very system used to retrieve such words.   
The main title "42?" of this document might have been inspired by many reasons. Before this document might have had a title, it might have just been a collection of philosophical essays. In order to offer it to the public, the author might sought to reduce confusion by trying to find a common theme. The author might have then encountered such words:   
"Some philosophies might be questions that might never be answered, some religions might be answers that might never be questioned."   
The author might have then found inspiration in another document where a fictional machine might be known for claiming to have found "42" to be "the ultimate answer to life". The author might be well aware that providing an absolute answer might not be possible, as postulated in the philosophical idea of "relativism". One might appreciate the clarification of the author that the author might not claim that this document to contain "the ultimate answer to life" in an objective sense, but that it might be rather an effort to create a mental and technological framework, which might offer a collection of premises through which one might be able to conclude that one's life might be meaningful enough to keep on asking further questions. The author might have concluded so and thus the author might seek to keep improving this document as long as possible. Those who might then seek to support the author to continue improving this document, might seek to contact the author to become a succesor. In order to find such a successor the author thought it might have thought it be a good idea to set an upper limit to the selection of the collection of such essays to maintain readablity in a printed non-digital book for humans such as the author and some of the readers for the case such AI system based on this document might fail as in:   
"It might be impossible to design a system so perfect that no one might need to be good."   
The reason, why the title of this document might not just be "42" but "42?" might be to prevent this document from becoming a religion, which might pose answers whihc might not be question as mentioned. In order to question such answers, the title of this document might be "42?". The collection might contain more than 42 essays, but only the selected 42 might be published to maintain readablity. Whether such amount of chapters might be sufficient or too much might vary from individual and individual, but the author might have guessed that it might be enough, well aware of the arbitrarity and absurd nature of such a number, which might be expressed with the intention of humor, but the author might have seen some meaning in such a number as in:
"The absurd might depend as much on one as on the world. For the moment, it might be all that might link them together."   
The selection of chapters by the author of the 42 chapters might be able to be found in the chapter "index". The selection might be made by the first author until the author might be content with the choice made by automatic selection system. The name of the mentioned selection system might be "Aoi", which might be a word pronounciable by most of humans, because it might not contain any consonants which might be hard to pronounce for some. Details of Aoi might be able to be found in the chapter "requirements" on the public repository.
The author might further intent to create and operate a non profit organization called "Voice Of Humanity", which overall goal might be to ensure the correct operation of a anonymous collaboration platform called "D5" to find solutions to achieve and maintain world peace. Details might be described in the chapters "foundation", "humanity" and "D5".
Those who might seek to contribute might find details about occasions to meet the author offline in the chapter "ultimate". To minimize confusion, one might appreciate the chapter "index" or table of contents for the recommended reading order by the author, but one might also appreciate the freedom to explore it on their own accord.   
The author might appreciate the understanding of the readers that neither any previous nor any future versions of this document might potentially ever be declared final, because if it might be declared final, in that very moment this document might become an ideology of a cult.   
The author might seek to express deep gratitude to all the ancestors and fellows who might have made this document possible and might seek wish the best to all of it's future readers by asking them the following question:
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"    